README.md, before:

# vimfiles

Windows Vim 8 configuration files based on the recommendations of [Ruslan Osipov](http://www.rosipov.com/blog/vim-pathogen-and-git-submodules/), [Keep Your vimrc file clean](http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Keep_your_vimrc_file_clean) and [The musings of bluz71](https://bluz71.github.io/2017/05/15/vim-tips-tricks.html).

vimsub.sh semi-automates adding bundles as git submodules because my list was getting a little long.

## Anaconda

### conda update

If conda update fails due to ssl: certificate_verify_failed:

```DOS
SET CONDA_SSL_VERIFY=false
conda update conda requests pyopenssl cryptography
SET CONDA_SSL_VERIFY=
```

The problem seems resolved in Anaconda3 v4.4, which may be due to pyopenssl v17.0, so caution may be in order for `conda update --all` because conda-forge is a higher-priority channel.

### PYTHONPATH Considered Harmful

The following works but can have surprising side-effects per [PYTHONPATH Considered Harmful](https://soundcloud.com/talkpython/22-pythonpath-considered-harmful).

For vim-jedi to work with Anaconda, if you haven't compiled vim to know where site-package are, set PYTHONPATH. E.g., set PYTHONPATH=C:\Users\fishe\Anaconda3\Lib\site-packages. This will mess up activate/deactivate conda environments so adjust PYTHONPATH if you switch.

[Using conda-Managing environments](https://conda.io/docs/using/envs.html#saved-environment-variables) provides directions.

In order for root to work without activate root before opening Vim, set user environment variable PYTHONPATH. In order for it to work after activate root follow the instructions in the link above, but the path is Anaconda3\etc\conda.

### vim-conda

vim-conda resolves the vim-jedi issue and allows switching envs within Vim. There are several versions depending on python2, python3 or allowing both.

## [Gutentags](https://github.com/ludovicchabant/vim-gutentags)

* Gutentags handles Vim integration nicely.
* [universal-ctags](https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags) provides
  direction for obtaining pre-built ctags [binary](binary) without needing source-forge.

Commit message:

Move rc files to vimfiles aka .vim
Update README.md to describe installation. :help vimrc recommendation to
make vim configuration portable and system agnostic. Git clone on Unix
systems should use ~.vim, and Windows should use %USERPROFILE%\vimfiles.

Change vimrc to put backups and guttentags in correct relative
directory: vimfiles/backup.

README.md, after:

# vimfiles

Windows Vim 8 configuration files based on the recommendations of [Ruslan Osipov](http://www.rosipov.com/blog/vim-pathogen-and-git-submodules/), [Keep Your vimrc file clean](http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Keep_your_vimrc_file_clean) and [The musings of bluz71](https://bluz71.github.io/2017/05/15/vim-tips-tricks.html).

vimsub.sh semi-automates adding bundles as git submodules because my list was getting a little long.

:help vimrc recommends moving vimrc and gvimrc to vimfiles to make the setup more portable.

To install in Unix based systems:

```
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/jfishe/vimfiles.git .vim
git submodule update --init
```

To install in Windows:

```
cd %USERPROFILE%
git clone https://github.com/jfishe/vimfiles.git .vim
git submodule update --init
```

## Anaconda

### conda update

If conda update fails due to ssl: certificate_verify_failed:

```DOS
SET CONDA_SSL_VERIFY=false
conda update conda requests pyopenssl cryptography
SET CONDA_SSL_VERIFY=
```

The problem seems resolved in Anaconda3 v4.4, which may be due to pyopenssl v17.0, so caution may be in order for `conda update --all` because conda-forge is a higher-priority channel.

### PYTHONPATH Considered Harmful

The following works but can have surprising side-effects per [PYTHONPATH Considered Harmful](https://soundcloud.com/talkpython/22-pythonpath-considered-harmful).

For vim-jedi to work with Anaconda, if you haven't compiled vim to know where site-package are, set PYTHONPATH. E.g., set PYTHONPATH=C:\Users\fishe\Anaconda3\Lib\site-packages. This will mess up activate/deactivate conda environments so adjust PYTHONPATH if you switch.

[Using conda-Managing environments](https://conda.io/docs/using/envs.html#saved-environment-variables) provides directions.

In order for root to work without activate root before opening Vim, set user environment variable PYTHONPATH. In order for it to work after activate root follow the instructions in the link above, but the path is Anaconda3\etc\conda.

### vim-conda

vim-conda resolves the vim-jedi issue and allows switching envs within Vim. There are several versions depending on python2, python3 or allowing both.

## [Gutentags](https://github.com/ludovicchabant/vim-gutentags)

* Gutentags handles Vim integration nicely.
* [universal-ctags](https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags) provides
  direction for obtaining pre-built ctags [binary](binary) without needing source-forge.
